omit anonymous function that won't compile (#11583)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/a_re-introduction_to_javascript/index.md

### Anonymous functions

JavaScript lets you create anonymous functions — that is, functions without names. In practice, anonymous functions are typically used as arguments to other functions or are made callable by immediately assigning them to a variable that can be used to invoke the function:

```js

> var avg = function() {//Notice there's no function name before parentheses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Note that there's no function name before the parentheses
var avg = function() {
```
